Update Helm Docs with consulPrefix (#5757)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/platform/k8s/helm.html.md

  * <a name="v-synccatalog-k8sprefix" href="#v-synccatalog-k8sprefix">`k8sPrefix`</a> (`string: ""`) - A prefix to prepend to all services registered in Kubernetes from Consul. This defaults to `""` where no prefix is prepended; Consul services are synced with the same name to Kubernetes. (Consul -> Kubernetes sync only)

>   * <a name="v-synccatalog-consulPrefix" href="#v-synccatalog-consulPrefix">`consulPrefix`</a> (`string: ""`) - A prefix to prepend to all services registered in Consul from Kubernetes. This defaults to `""` where no prefix is prepended. Consul services are synced with the same name to Kubernetes. (Kubernetes -> Consul sync only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * <a name="v-synccatalog-consulPrefix" href="#v-synccatalog-consulPrefix">`consulPrefix`</a> (`string: ""`) - A prefix to prepend to all services registered in Consul from Kubernetes. This defaults to `""` where no prefix is prepended. Consul services synced one way to Kubernetes retain their names, which aren't customizable. 
```

Author: `Consul services synced one way to Kubernetes retain their names`
this should be from, right?
